you
dunk it on a scale of 1 to 10 what do
you think you are a six I think you're a
three since I've been dating your mom I
don't see you putting yourself out there
but you can try to get that score up at
my beach house is summer who is this and
all this awkward glories my son Duncan I
was gonna name my youngest Duncan but me
went with Peter finally fix his lazy eye
now it's even worse boo-boo mom to stare
at the bridge of his nose that's what I
do
you're the worst parent those are the
messages Gaza ministry it's a buddy you
need to wear that mom why do I still
wear this nobody else does super sex
here huh something like like Spring
Break for adults this is Joan and Kip
I'm the one who's not grinding on you
right now enjoy a therapy great I'm
gonna have to ask you to leave having
way too much fun it's making everyone
uncomfortable Wow I'm just kidding that
wasn't even my best stuff come on hold
there for a second
it's an artist watch and learn and you
are holding still holding just about
ready to hold you think
I need you to reorder more mats did it
finish the work scheduled for next week
did it so you know I'm gonna check all
that stuff right oh that case I didn't
do any of it how do you make more money
than I do that's the one you wait for my
man fifthly
I need something to do some odd jobs
clean up some vomit definitely does your
mom know you worked here who's that big
guy
just a girl what do you doing over here
talking to us well maybe rowdy if you
guys hadn't called me over here he's
with your lady friend that this
conversation was entirely about her
given nor long time to be nowhere that's
where I was Duncan if we were going to
make this work then there has to be
trust okay Oh boyfriend called me on
three who says that to somebody that's
about him it's got nothing to do with
you how do you know cuz I know you got
to go your own way you my friend to go
in your own way this is the only place
I'm happy I talked you said not to get
water on my face
come on
got a hell of a kid here
hold please hold hold there